By the way, I should go there
to pay my respects to him.
You just focus on preparing
for tomorrow's announcement.
Don't worry. We're even rehearsing it.
Salute!
Where were we?
Let's continue.
I'm Gal Sang-sik from JBC.
Thank you.
The ANSP announced that Han was killed
while defecting to the North.
Why are you trying
to frame the best brains
of the opposition candidate for it?
I told you.
In Professor Han's bag,
we found a letter
from his son in the North
that says they should destroy
the pro-US candidate--
No!
You can't get so worked up.
Right.
I should relax.
Let me try it again.
Are you going to do this all night?
Look.
It's going to be live. It'll be
broadcast live all over the country!
It's my chance
to become popular nationwide.
Of course, it must go perfectly!
Guys.
What should I wear tomorrow?
Pardon?
YOON SEOL-HUI, EUN YEONG-RO
YEO JEONG-MIN, KO HYE-RYEONG
9 DAYS BEFORE THE ELECTION
DORMITORY GUIDE MAP
HOSU WOMEN'S UNIVERSITY
CAFETERIA, LOUNGE
CAFETERIA
Take your time and eat little by little.
Here.
Yeong-ro, you should eat.
Or you'll collapse.
I think he should be untied to eat this.